import into 7.5 (#15288)
pingcap/docs: tidb-global-sort.md

    SET GLOBAL tidb_cloud_storage_uri = 's3://my-bucket/test-data?role-arn=arn:aws:iam::888888888888:role/my-role'
    ```

> **Note:**
>

> > For [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md), you can also specify the cloud storage path using the [`CLOUD_STORAGE_URI`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md#withoptions) option. If both [`tidb_cloud_storage_uri`](/system-variables.md#tidb_cloud_storage_uri-introduced-from-v740-version) and `CLOUD_STORAGE_URI` are configured with a valid storage path, the configuration of `CLOUD_STORAGE_URI` takes affect for [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md).

Author: ```suggestion
> For [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md), you can also specify the cloud storage path using the [`CLOUD_STORAGE_URI`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md#withoptions) option. If both [`tidb_cloud_storage_uri`](/system-variables.md#tidb_cloud_storage_uri-introduced-from-v740-version) and `CLOUD_STORAGE_URI` are configured with a valid cloud storage path, the configuration of `CLOUD_STORAGE_URI` takes affect for [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md).
```

> > For [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md), you can also specify the cloud storage path using the [`CLOUD_STORAGE_URI`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md#withoptions) option. If both [`tidb_cloud_storage_uri`](/system-variables.md#tidb_cloud_storage_uri-introduced-from-v740-version) and `CLOUD_STORAGE_URI` are configured with a valid cloud storage path, the configuration of `CLOUD_STORAGE_URI` takes effect for [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md), you can also specify the cloud storage path using the [`CLOUD_STORAGE_URI`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md#withoptions) option. If both [`tidb_cloud_storage_uri`](/system-variables.md#tidb_cloud_storage_uri-new-in-v740) and `CLOUD_STORAGE_URI` are configured with a valid cloud storage path, the configuration of `CLOUD_STORAGE_URI` takes effect for [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md).
```
